( birds chirping )
( beeps )
( crows cawing )
This is Brock.
There's an old
hunting cabin up here.
I'm gonna go
check it out.
Woman:
Copy.
Do you want to wait
for backup?
Negative.
Looks abandoned.
Holy shit.
Hood.
( clicking )
( theme music playing )
How'd you find me?
I didn't.
I mean. I wasn't
looking for you.
I thought you were gone.
Hey. you want to do me
a favor and point that
thing somewhere else. okay?
Holy hell.
Haven't seen you
in two years.
And all that time
you've been living
up in this cabin
like some kind
of mountain man
or something?
Is there anybody
here with you?
No.
Then I'm gonna need you
to come with me.
No.
I'm not asking.
- Sheriff Lotus.
- That's right.
How does that feel?
Like a hemorrhoid.
You want to tell me
what this is about?
I'll tell you
down at the station.
You mean the Cadi?
No. No. I don't.
What do you think?
Bulletproof glass.
One-and-a-half-
inch-thick polycarb.
Thought you'd like that.
Scott. I need those
fingerprint results
as soon as you get them.
- Sure.
- Thanks.
I need to know about
the press conference.
Brock: Bunker.
you remember Mr. Hood?
Deputy Nina Cruz.
Billy Raven moved on.
He's the new chief
of the Kinaho PD.
- Woman: Sheriff.
- Helen. any messages?
Helen:
On your desk.
- Oh. the FBI?
- Not yet.
- Nice office.
- Yes. it is.
- ( door closes )
- Can I get you
- something to drink?
I got water. coffee.
I've got this espresso
machine here.
( liquid pours )
Have a seat.
First of all.
you should know
when I went
up there today.
you were the last person
I expected to find.
Were you in that cabin
two nights ago?
Yes.
- Anybody with you?
- No.
Who's dead?
Who is that?
Rebecca.
Her body
was found yesterday
near the river.
That's not where
she was killed.
but that's where
the body was dumped.
Jesus.
This is the third murder
of its kind that we've
had this year.
- You call the FBI?
- Yeah.
I called them
after the second one
and they sent
some little shit up here
and he looked
through our files
and took some notes
and then he ran
back to Quantico
as fast as his little
$60 loafers could take him.
Told me to call back
if a third body turned up.
So maybe now
they'll give a shit.
So what does this
have to do with me?
When was the last time
you saw Rebecca?
I haven't seen anyone
for about 18 months.
And yet.
it's the weird part.
the last coordinates
on her car's GPS
brought me up
to your cabin today.
- You didn't see her?
- Nope.
Any idea why she'd come
looking for you?
How the hell she'd even know
you were up there. Hood?
I'm just trying
to put this together.
- It's her uncle's land.
- It's what?
It's her uncle's land.
You're living
on Proctor's land?
He doesn't know.
What happened to you. Hood?
I retired.
We found trace blood
that didn't match Rebecca's.
I'm gonna need you
to voluntarily
submit a blood sample
so we can rule you out.
You think I'm a fucking
serial killer now?
Have you seen yourself
lately. Hood?
You're living up in the woods.
You look like the Unabomber.
- Yes. you can have my blood.
- Oh. and. Hood...
if there's anything else
you want to tell me.
now's the time.
You should be looking
at Proctor.
Yeah. well. these days
that's a little more
complicated.
He's...
- ( knocks )
- Yeah?
- Press conference
is about to start.
- Oh. shit. yeah. yeah.
- Okay.
- Sheriff Hood.
He's not the sheriff.
Listen. I'll have Deputy Cruz
come up and take your blood
and then she'll
give you a lift back.
Take care of yourself.
And you are?
Is there something wrong?
Sorry. you just...
you reminded me
of someone for a moment.
Mmm. the deputy
who got killed?
Indian gangbanger
broke her neck?
I think I like you better
when you don't talk.
Sir. Sir.
It's time.
( cameras clicking )
( reporters clamoring )
Reporter: Mr. Mayor.
this is the third murder
of a young woman this year.
Is this
a serial killer?
Reporter #2:
Is it true that the latest
victim was your niece?
Reporter #3:
Mr. Mayor. why are the police
reports being withheld?
- ( reporters clamoring )
- Kai: Here's what we know.
Here's what we know.
Yesterday the body
of Rebecca Bowman
was found near the mouth
of the Dellwood Basin.
She was murdered.
And while the police
can't say for certain.
there are definitely
similarities between
this case
and the murders
of two other young women
that occurred
over the last year.
The Banshee
Sheriff's Department
has notified the FBI
and agents
are en route to assist
in the investigation.
( cameras clicking )
And to answer your question.
yes. Rebecca was my niece.
And. yes.
you can rest assured
that neither I
nor Sheriff Lotus
and the members
of his department
will rest
until we have found
this sick. twisted bastard.
Rebecca:
So this is it?
Kai:
Yes. this is it.
Rebecca:
It's beautiful.
Kai:
I'm going to be mayor
and you're taking on
more of a leadership role
in the business.
I just figured we'd need
something a bit more secure.
Do you like it?
I love it.
Get out.
What's going on?
DA dismissed the charges.
You're free to go.
You're fucking with us.
You got 10 seconds before
I close that door again.
I knew that arrest
was bullshit.
( sighs )
What was it this time?
Physical evidence.
They practically
strangled that old man.
I know.
DA's a real piece of work.
He's a puppet.
Proctor's got his hand
up his ass.
But that's a talk
for another time.
The walls have ears.
Hey. thanks a lot. Officer.
Have a nice evening.
Carrie:
There's always some part of me
that's thinking about him.
How he looked
when he died.
How he looked at me.
Carrie:
There are days
when that look haunts me
so badly
I can barely breathe.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Look at this.
Carrie:
And then there are days
when I can distract myself.
You lost. honey?
Carrie:
Where I can shut off
all the noise.
- Maybe we can
help you find your way.
- ( man chuckles )
Oh. I hope so.
Carrie:
And just do
what I have to do.
Those are the good days.
( grunting )
- ( bones crack )
- ( screams )
( groaning )
So you tough guys
like beating up
on people. huh?
It wasn't us.
They let us go.
- Well. they shouldn't have.
- ( screams )
( screaming )
Carrie:
There's always that moment
when I just wake up
where I think
I'm still there.
still back there
in our old house.
And when I roll over.
Gordon will be there
lying next to me.
And then I'll hear the kids
stirring in their rooms.
Man:
So how do you
handle it?
Carrie:
I exercise.
I eat something.
I start working
on the house.
Man:
How's the house
coming along?
Carrie:
There's something about
working with my hands
that gives me peace.
Man:
What else gives you peace?
Carrie:
Not much.
Do you find
our sessions helpful?
I'm here because
it's court-mandated.
No offense.
None taken.
If I vouch for
your competency to parent
your children today.
would you come back?
If I said yes.
would you do that?
That's not really
how it works.
They had no right
to take my kids away.
You violated the terms
of your probation.
I was abducted.
The military
investigation
cleared us.
Any association with
the criminal element
- was enough
for social services...
- I know.
I know.
( breathing heavily )
( gunshot )
( coughs )
How many times
are you gonna ruin
our lives?
From now on.
you're just the asshole
who knocked up my mom.
Please.
( cracks )
- ( birds chirping )
- ( door opens )
What are you
doing here?
The manager told me
our former sheriff
was on a bender.
Trashing the room.
Playing with guns.
How is that
your business?
It's my uncle's motel.
Just leave me alone.
would you?
( coughs )
Get the fuck
out of here! Go!
Please go.
You can't stay here.
Let me take you
back to your place.
No. I can't live
there anymore.
There's ghosts.
Even before you wrecked it.
this dump is nowhere to live.
Come on.
Let's go for a ride.
( birds chirping )
Rebecca:
It's an old hunting cabin.
Hasn't been used in years.
but the water still runs.
Whose is it?
Who do you think?
Lucas:
You really think your uncle
is gonna let me stay here?
He won't know.
How do you like it?
Yeah.
I thought you would.
No ghosts.
( screams )
( moaning )
- Does this hurt?
- Not anymore.
I hate that
they did this to you.
I had been meaning to get
that tattoo removed anyway.
( chuckles )
Just wish it could
always be like this.
Maybe one day.
You okay?
No.
( sighs )
Hang on right there.
He'll be with you
in a moment.
You fuck.
We have a strict agreement
with the Redbones.
You keep your business
on the reservation
and we keep ours off it.
You are in breach
of that agreement.
( phone buzzing )
Yeah?
I just got to work.
for fuck's sake.
Who's there?
Shit.
No. Okay.
Don't do a fucking thing.
I'm coming back to town.
Man:
Well. you can
ask him yourself.
Things are going
fantastic over here.
This time you're buying.
Okay.
All right. all right.
all right.
Great.
Say hi to Carol for me.
Hey there. Calvin.
What can I do you for?
I'm not feeling great.
I'm gonna need to go home.
- You look fine.
- I've got a stomach bug.
I thought I could make it
through the day. but I can't.
You're handling
the triquarterlies.
aren't you?
- Mm-hmm.
- They done?
Not yet. no.
Kind of need those
done today.
Well. I can take them
home with me
and I'll have them
done for you first
thing tomorrow.
We were late with them
last quarter. too.
weren't we?
I don't think so. no.
( echoes )
I think we were.
Calvin.
( grunting )
Gook motherfucker!
( panting )
( screams )
I'll have those to you
first thing tomorrow.
( phones ringing )
( door opens )
What the fuck
is he doing here?
We came in and found him
here with this motherfucker
already in the vise.
He was dealing
in our territory.
The territory
you and your men are
charged with protecting.
I brought him here
as a courtesy.
Mm-hmm.
So my tax dollars
aren't enough for you
and your little tribe. huh?
Now you fuckers are going
to encroach on my business?
Fuck you.
I don't think so.
We pay for your houses...
- ( man groans )
- ...for your damn
reservations.
for your school.
and your health care.
even when all of you
were getting rich off
your fucking casinos. right?
This country
has lost its spine.
The politicians are
giving it away to the mutts
and the mongrels
while good. pure-blooded
Americans go hungry.
This isn't a nation anymore.
It's a fucking soup kitchen.
- And you know what?
- ( groans )
We're all out
of fucking soup!
- ( cracks )
- ( gurgles )
Thanks for the heads up.
You can tell Proctor
that we've got it
under control.
Don't use his name
in front of outsiders.
Him?
Yeah. I don't think
he's paying too much
attention.
( gurgling continues )
You don't want me
to come back here.
( music playing )
( door opens )
( door closes )
Hey. Sugar.
( scoffs )
You disappear
for a year and a half...
you show up here
looking like...
something
out of the Bible.
and all you got
to say for yourself is
"Hey. Sugar"?
How you been?
Small talk?
Seriously?
Somebody killed
Rebecca Bowman.
I know that.
Everybody around here
knows that.
Now why do you
know that?
Well...
I guess I'm a suspect.
Did you do it?
No.
Look.
it's a fair question.
I mean.
look at yourself.
Where the hell
have you been?
I had to disappear
for a while.
Clear my head.
You clear your head
for a few days.
A week maybe.
For you.
maybe even a month.
But you.
you went AWOL
and you forgot
about your friends
and you forgot about...
I didn't forget
about Job.
How the fuck
was hiding away
gonna help him?
You here
for your money?
No.
But I do need a car.
Only thing I bought.
Figured it might
come in handy if I ever
needed a quick exit.
So what happens now?
I don't know.
But something. right?
Yeah.
Something.
Remember. Hood.
you're not the sheriff
anymore.
I never was.
( engine starts )
You know what I mean.
( chatter over P.A. )
( chuckles )
What'd the other guy
look like?
Ha ha.
Very fucking funny.
Actually.
I wasn't kidding.
( screaming )
What did he look like?
He looked like
a fucking asshole
smashing the shit
out of my hands.
The guy stuck around
long enough to walk
all over your face
and you didn't even
get a look?
It was dark.
Don't worry.
I got time.
( footsteps )
You're back.
I'm sorry about
Rebecca.
What does this
have to do with you?
Nothing.
And yet here you are.
Is there anything
I should know?
Your uncle.
he's not a good man.
Well. then let me
live with you.
I'm not
a good man either.
I was gonna ask you
the same thing.
You think I had anything
to do with my niece's death?
You may not have killed her.
but you sure as shit
got her killed.
As soon as you took her in.
it was only a matter of time.
Yeah.
You may be right.
I'm gonna find
that son of a bitch.
But as a mayor.
I'm somewhat
hampered in my ability
to clarify matters.
How'd you
pull that off?
- I ran unopposed.
- Of course.
Where would you start?
The foothills.
The Boedickers.
I heard they got
burned down.
It's true.
but Aaron Boedicker
is still alive.
You guys.
you did see the yellow
tape here. right?
- Sheriff.
- It's fine.
Our work is done here.
You following me.
Brock?
Me? No.
That's what
deputies are for.
Is Hood a suspect?
Well. if he was.
you'd be the first
to know it. wouldn't you?
No. Mr. Hood
is a person of interest
in this case.
which is something
you two have in common.
Be careful. Sheriff.
I always am.
Mr. Mayor.
Just like
old times. huh?
Except no one's bleeding.
Yet.
Hey. Kurt.
Come on. bro.
How long you gonna
keep this up. man?
Huh?
I saved your
fucking life. Kurt.
What do you think
Watts would have done?
He would have had you executed.
I took action before
he could order it.
that's it.
I was in the burn unit
for two months.
I know
and I'm sorry.
but you put me in
an impossible situation
and I had to prove
my loyalty to the cause.
You know that.
Just come
for dinner. man.
Maggie would really
love to see you.
And we can
work this out.
Brothers before Brotherhood.
that's what you always said.
You're not my brother.
What?
What the fuck did you
just say to me?
I'm the only thing
standing between them
and you. asshole.
You better fucking
remember that!
( car door opens )
( door closes )
- Hey. Carrie.
- Hey. Brock.
Wow. place is really
starting to come together.
( laughs )
Thanks.
No. looks good.
How are the kids doing?
Oh. you know.
Gordon's parents
are driving them crazy.
Something on
your mind. Brock?
Listen.
Carrie. I don't know
if you've heard. but...
Hood is back.
Guess you haven't heard.
He's been living up
in the foothills
in a cabin.
He... he looks rough.
Just thought
you'd want to know.
( clears throat )
Yeah.
Call me if you
need anything.
all right?
Carrie:
Okay.
- Have a good day.
- Thanks.
( silenced gunshot )
Lewis.
is everything okay?
Lewis. come in.
Don't fucking move.
( chuckles )
Something funny?
Wait for it.
( silenced gunshot )
Lucas:
Uh-uh.
Drop it!
You.
Me.
Long time. huh?
Why don't you
take a seat?
You finally tracked me down
after all these years.
Lucas:
Who are you?
My name is Dalton.
- Are you military?
- I was.
But now I recruit
men like you.
I develop them
for an elite unit.
What unit?
What branch?
Exactly.
So...
this is revenge?
Revenge?
Not really.
- ( gunshot )
- ( screams )
Where's Job?
How the fuck
would I know?
No. no. no. no.
You know how this works.
You taught me.
Elbows. insteps. knees.
I can keep you alive
for fucking days.
I know. which is why
if I knew something.
I would tell you.
- Bullshit.
- I didn't take him.
But the man who did
knew I would want him.
I paid him his price
and he handed over Job.
Then what?
I turned him in.
I cleaned my slate
with the powers that be.
- And who are they?
- Oh. come on.
Don't be a fucking idiot.
You know how this works.
Faces without names.
names without faces.
Yeah. go ahead.
Go ahead. shoot
my other knee.
Go ahead.
You know that it won't
change what I'm saying.
I have no idea
where they took him.
No. but you
can find him.
Black sites.
ghost detention centers.
You have access
to those files.
Not anymore.
After the congressional
hearings.
they closed the loop
and I'm not in it.
Bullshit.
You are the fucking loop.
I was.
That was 20 years ago.
Things change.
Why are we even having
this conversation?
You know that Job
is already dead.
No. he has intelligence.
- He's a valuable asset.
- His intelligence was
20 years old.
He was a fucking
trophy grab.
- He was a head
on somebody's wall.
- Whose wall?
Doesn't matter.
The man's dead.
You know it
and I know it.
( helicopter blades
whirring )
We got to go.
We got to go now.
I guess I'm still
in certain loops.
Go. go. go.
( music playing )
Did he come
to see you?
Yes.
But he's not the man
that left that night.
Not anymore.
Well. did he say
where he's been?
No.
Did he say anything?
You thought he might
have a lead on Job?
Look. the day he left.
that was the day
you needed to stop
looking to him
for any answers.
You think Job's
still alive?
I don't know.
Sometimes I hope
he isn't.
Why?
Because if he is.
it makes us
even bigger assholes
than we already are.
So you got nothing.
Nothing.
Either he didn't know
or he wouldn't say.
He didn't know.
I guess we'll never
know now.
Did you really
have to kill him?
He didn't know.
Okay.
What's our next play?
We don't have one.
It's over.
No.
We don't
just give up.
We have no choice.
So what?
- You're done?
- We got nothing.
- So we find something.
- We've got nothing.
I can't just
leave him for dead.
Do you think I want to?!
Don't you think
I'd do anything?
Dalton was right.
He was right.
Job was dead from the moment
he handed him over.
Where the hell
are you going?
He's dead.
Anybody home?
Hello?
- Daddy!
- ( laughs )
What's up.
little man?
- Where's your mommy?
- Upstairs.
Yeah?
Babe. I'm home.
Maggie:
Coming.
Whew.
God. you got bigger.
What do you weigh.
like 1.000 pounds?
- No.
- What. are you.
like 10 feet tall?
- No.
- Okay. maybe tomorrow.
- Hi.
You're home early.
Yeah. we finished
the triquarterlies today.
The slope gave
everybody the day off.
Nice.
It smells really good
in here.
It's just a pot roast
and some soup.
Hmm.
- You want to go
shoot some hoops?
- Yeah.
Yeah? Maybe we'll go play
and Mommy will let us know
when dinner's ready.
Don't beat me like you did
last time. though. okay?
- Will you take it easy
- on your old man?
- I will.
Calvin:
I'm pretty sure
I'm gonna beat you. though.
- I love you.
- ( door closes )
( breathing heavily )
( water running )
Lucas:
Where would you start?
Kai:
The foothills.
The Boedickers.
Lucas:
I heard they got
burned down.
Kai:
Aaron Boedicker
is still alive.
( door squeaks )
( suppresses cough )
Hey. Boedicker.
Remember me?
( grunts. screams )
( coughing. groaning )
Where were you
four nights ago?
Fuck you.
( screaming )
I'm not gonna
ask you again.
I don't know what
the fuck you want.
but I'm not
telling you shit.
You took my fucking hand.
Rebecca Bowman
got killed four days ago.
Fucking bitch
had it coming.
Yeah. see. when you
say things like that.
that makes me think
you had something
to do with it.
( screams )
( grunting )
Oh. you can torture me
all you want.
you fucking sadist.
but I'm only gonna
tell you two things.
I didn't kill her
and I don't give
a shit she's dead.
( laughs )
Yeah. you do
know something.
( laughs )
Oh. I know
a lot of things.
You know how
a guy with no hands
wipes his ass?
I've...
I've got a nephew.
Eljay.
Thinks he's some kind
of rock star.
He was fucking her
for a while.
Where do I find him?
I don't know
where he stays.
but he plays nights
at this shithole
called Snake Eyes.
It's off the connector.
( coughs )
( groans )
I find out
you're lying to me.
I come back
for the other hand.
( groans. coughing )
You're not welcome
around here.
I better
get going. then.
( chuckles )
- You're not going anywhere.
- Want to bet?
( chuckles )
Looks like
you're gonna end up
full of holes.
Not before I put
one big fucking
hole in you.
( car approaches )
- Okay. let's break it up.
- Man: God damn it.
Now.
Most cops know better
than to come into the hills.
( groans. coughs )
Most assholes know better
than to talk back to me.
Something makes me think
if I start looking.
I'm gonna find a lot
of outstanding warrants
standing here.
( men muttering )
So you are
following me around.
Yeah. I thought
that was obvious
by the way I pulled up
right at the nick of time
to save your ass.
What are you
doing here. Hood?
Just visiting
an old friend.
I'm guessing
you're working an angle.
That Rebecca was killed
by one of her uncle's enemies.
I'm not working
any angles.
You're the sheriff now.
This is your fucking mess.
Yeah. and you're still
a person of interest
in this mess.
Does that mean you're gonna
follow me all fucking day?
Yeah. well.
believe it or not. Hood.
I've got better things
to do with my time.
Good.
And you're welcome.
by the way.
( water lapping )
( screams )
( music playing )
♪ The streets are littered
with our filth ♪
♪ But we trudge through it
all the same ♪
♪ There are
no more innocents ♪
♪ We're all guilty
in every way ♪
♪ No way ♪
♪ Toss more bodies
on the piles ♪
♪ Simple and hideous
while the sun fell ♪
♪ Wishing we could
all stay ♪
♪ To get the green
you have to have the grey ♪
♪ No way ♪
♪ There's no way ♪
♪ There's no way! ♪